review: Implementation guide (#1)
genkit-ai/skills: README.md

# Genkit Agent Skills

> This repository contains "Agent Skills" designed to teach AI agents how to build applications using the [Genkit](https://firebase.google.com/docs/genkit) framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains "Agent Skills" designed to teach AI agents how to build applications using the [Genkit](https://genkit.dev) framework.
```
